we're chillin right here with the
allergy crew you seen giving my money
Chico so we're gonna do scattered ice my
to take these peoples morning right now
yeah take at it ready gonna die I got a
laugh do it this is my favorite guy to
take funny phone right here not just
time there's time and always Kelly I
understand that I don't have any cash on
me
come on took a lot money Curt you've got
to put some money man here we go here we
go switch 360 all right cheeks
give me some easy beautify hamburger
afternoon Hamburger Helper accent yeah
go inside
anything for instance oh my god Chico
give him money to Cali that's something
that doesn't
you wanna see it don't hold in your hand
where you got Laredos I'll give you a
dollar for a dollar
don't be scared it won't what anything
thank you frontside give my burrito
Chico well know how much I love my
burritos this is like three way burrito
in dollars to us today I'm gonna try it
a three-way no we all get a try or just
one doing same trick you all get to try
left one trick to make it account so I
knew if Rob makes or another get another
week man look at you got burrito we got
a couple stickers we got money to cut
everything that's why I never met with
Chico's I never win he's got a curse on
me though he got a bottle anything
3/6 Thank You fronts like always the
house wins and again is going to
Nicaragua give me my money like always
skate or dice or money for me
you